Add a note about dart fix prompt in VS Code (#4741)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/dart-fix.md

[`dart analyze`]: /tools/dart-analyze
[language version]: /guides/language/evolution#language-versioning

## VS Code

> When you open a project in VS Code, it will be scanned for problems that can be fixed by `dart fix`. If this is the case, you'll see a prompt to remind you.
> 
> <img src="/assets/img/tools/vscode/dart_fix_notification.png" width="550" height="175" alt="VS Code notification about 'dart fix'">
> 
> This prompt may also appear after running `dart pub get` or `dart pub upgrade` if package changes introduce problems that can be fixed by `dart fix`.
> 
> You should ensure all of your files have been saved in the editor before running `dart fix` to ensure the latest versions of your files are used.

Reviewer: **issue:** Revise for semantic breaks and Google Style.
```suggestion
When you open a project in VS Code,
the Dart plugin scans the project for issues that `dart fix` can repair.
If it finds issues for repair, VS Code displays a prompt to remind you.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/vscode/dart_fix_notification.png" width="550" height="175" alt="VS Code notification about 'dart fix'">

After running `dart pub get` or `dart pub upgrade`,
VS Code might also display this prompt if package changes
add issues that `dart fix` can repair.

Save all of your files before running `dart fix`.
This ensures that Dart uses the latest versions of your files.
```

Author: Thanks!
